TRANSLA'HON. 5

CHAPTER III.

OF THE FIRST Posc, ΟΒ, HALF SHADOW.

WHEN you have mixed the flesh colour, and have filled in the
faces and the nude with it, mix with it some deep green and
the red which is burnt from ochre, and a little cinnabar3 and
prepare the half shadow, with which you will mark the eyc-
brows and eyes, the nostrils and mouth, the chin and the
hollows round the nostrils, and the temples3 the wrinkles in
the forehead and neck, and the rounding of the face3 the
beai-ds of young men, and the articulations of the hands and
feet, and all members which are made apparent in the nude,

CHAPTER IV.

OF THE FIRST ROSE COLOUR.

ΤΗΕΝ mix with the simple flesh colour a little cinnabar and a
little minium, and prepare the colour which is called rose,
with which you will redden both cheeks‚ the mouth and lower
part of the chin, the neck, and wrinkles of the forehead
slightly, the forehead itself above the temples on either side,
the nose in its length and over the nostrils on either side, the
articulations and other members in the nude.

CHAPTER V.
OF THE FIRs'r RELIEF.

AF'PER this miX‚ with simple flesh colour, ceruse, ground, and
compose a colour which is called relief‚ with which you will
lighten the eyebrows, the nose in its length, and above the
openings of the nostrils on either side, fine lines around the
eyes, the lower part of the temples and upper part of the chin,
about the* nostrils and the mouth on either side, the upper
part of the forehead, slightly between the wrinkles of the
forehead, and in the middle of the neck and round the ears,
also the articulations of the hands and feet outsid'e, and all
soundness in the centrc of the hands, feet and arms.

